---
layout: post
author:
- Logan O'Roark
---
This post is designed to be a reflection in reguards to the completion of lab 9.
Topics for discussion will include:
- What were the easiest parts of the tutorial? 
- What were confusing parts of the tutorial? 
- What was difficult about working with multiple tables as opposed to the single table in the previous lab? 
- How prepared do you feel to create your team project now for your client, and what will be different for your situation?

Here is more information on [Lab 9][lab-9].

Here is my [GitHub][git-link] for Lab 9.

#### Easiest Parts of Tutorial
The prevoius lab definitly helped in preparing myself for crating this application. Particulary it helped in my understanding in the first step of this tutorial. Scaffolding pages was a breeze. Creating models made more sense this time around, establishing elements makes sense, but the addition of foreign entities felt weird, but makes sense after working with it more. When working with a context I felt more prepared. Filtering entities was easier this time around as well. Notably adding an extra sort was a great exercise. Establsihing CRUD elements felt familiar.


#### Confusing Parts of Tutorial
Step 4 is when I would say the difficulty started to pick up. Migrations still confuse me a little bit, but it felt better this time around. Navigating, through establishing keys felt interesting, it could be a little hard to keep track of. Establishing concurrency was the main part that I found confusing. Establishing Tokens feels like it is hard to implement, especially if I need to use it for my own style of projects. I would say that is deffenitly the least confient portion I have for this tutorial


#### Difficulties Working with Multiple Tables
Working with multiple tables felt difficult initially because it became difficult to work in as the tables got more complex. It felt difficult to keep track of what maps to what espaecially as the table number grew. I did gain some confidence in this, but I find myself constantly looking at the relationships. I will say that VScode definitly helps as tracking down specific items for a relationship baecomes a bit easier. I think the collection element can sometimes feel confusing when determining how it works in a mor abstract sense.



#### Preparedness for Creating Team App
Overall, my preparedness for the team app from this tutorial feels really confident. In my role as taking care of the database schema and implmentation I will definitly be coming back to this tutorial. What may be diffrent is my database has a less complex schema by nature of the project so that definitly gives me a boost in confidence as well


[lab-9]: https://hendrix-cs.github.io/csci340/labs/ef.html

[git-link]: https://github.com/LoganO03/logano03.github.io/tree/main/csci340lab9